structures_typedef/README.md, before:

<h1> HOLBERTON T1 Concurrent: C - Structures, typedef </h1>

This Project covers structures (struct) and typedef

---

<h3> Repository Contents </h3>

| Task | File | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| 0. Poppy | [dog.h](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/structures_typedef/dog.h) | Defines a new type ``struct dog`` |
| 1. A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself | [1-init_dog.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/structures_typedef/1-init_dog.c) | A function that initialize a variable of type struct dog |
| 2. A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad | [2-print_dog.c+]() | A function that prints a struct dog |
| 3. Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read | [dog.h](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/structures_typedef/dog.h) | Defines a new type dog_t as a new name for the type struct dog. |
| 4. A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of | [4-new_dog.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/tree/master/structures_typedef) | A function that creates a new dog. |
|

Commit message:

5.0 who let the dogs out

structures_typedef/README.md, after:

<h1> HOLBERTON T1 Concurrent: C - Structures, typedef </h1>

This Project covers structures (struct) and typedef

---

<h3> Repository Contents </h3>

| Task | File | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| 0. Poppy | [dog.h](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/structures_typedef/dog.h) | Defines a new type ``struct dog`` |
| 1. A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself | [1-init_dog.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/structures_typedef/1-init_dog.c) | A function that initialize a variable of type struct dog |
| 2. A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad | [2-print_dog.c+]() | A function that prints a struct dog |
| 3. Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read | [dog.h](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/structures_typedef/dog.h) | Defines a new type dog_t as a new name for the type struct dog. |
| 4. A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of | [4-new_dog.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/tree/master/structures_typedef) | A function that creates a new dog. |
| 5. How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg | [5-free_dog.c]() | A function that frees dogs. |
