malloc_free/README.md, before:

<h1 style="align: center;"> HOLBERTON T1 Concurrent: Malloc/Free</h1>

This Project covers Dynamic Memory Allocation in C

---

<h3 style="align: center;">Repository Contents</h3>

| Task | File | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| 0. Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee | [0-create_array.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/malloc_free/0-create_array.c) | A function that creates an array of chars, and initializes it with a specific char. |
| 1. The woman who has no imagination has no wings | [1-strdup.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/malloc_free/1-strdup.c) | A function that returns a pointer to a newly allocated space in memory, which contains a copy of the string given as a parameter. |
| 2. He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life | [2-str_concat.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/malloc_free/2-str_concat.c) | A function that concatenates two strings. |
| 3. If you even dream of beating me you'd better wake up and apologize | [3-alloc_grid.c]() | A function that returns a pointer to a 2 dimensional array of integers.


---

More from me : [MikeBilbee](https://github.com/MikeBilbee)

Commit message:

4.0 free! and making sure it compiles with 3

malloc_free/README.md, after:

<h1 style="align: center;"> HOLBERTON T1 Concurrent: Malloc/Free</h1>

This Project covers Dynamic Memory Allocation in C

---

<h3 style="align: center;">Repository Contents</h3>

| Task | File | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| 0. Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee | [0-create_array.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/malloc_free/0-create_array.c) | A function that creates an array of chars, and initializes it with a specific char. |
| 1. The woman who has no imagination has no wings | [1-strdup.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/malloc_free/1-strdup.c) | A function that returns a pointer to a newly allocated space in memory, which contains a copy of the string given as a parameter. |
| 2. He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life | [2-str_concat.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/malloc_free/2-str_concat.c) | A function that concatenates two strings. |
| 3. If you even dream of beating me you'd better wake up and apologize | [3-alloc_grid.c](https://github.com/MikeBilbee/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/blob/master/malloc_free/3-alloc_grid.c) | A function that returns a pointer to a 2 dimensional array of integers. |
| 4. It's not bragging if you can back it up | [4-free_grid.c]()


---

More from me : [MikeBilbee](https://github.com/MikeBilbee)
